add explanation on what is horswap on readme (#65)
DarkFlorist/Horswap: README.md

An open source interface for Uniswap -- a protocol for decentralized exchange of Ethereum tokens.

<img src="screenshot.png" style="width: 500px" />

Horswap is accessible via IPFS at:
ipfs://bafybeifldxm7db2slsnyvu4lruzh5zbuq2jmqzwztmeq7efs6kes7helim

# Horswap is an improved Uniswap Interface

> Horswap is a fork of Uniswap Interface v4.266.2. The version v4.266.2 is the last version without added UI fees and that would still allow users to do local routing. Horswap has then significantly improved the interface's censorship resistance and privacy.

Reviewer: We should link to the commit we forked off of on GitHub.

Here are the significant changes:

> - Removed Uniswap branding to Horswap branding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed Uniswap branding to Horswap branding
```

- Removed Uniswap privacy policy
- Removed all analytics queries (Uniswap interface is really noisy in reporting everything you do to their analytics system)

> - Remove support for wallet connect wallets (Unfortunately these require centralized server to function)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed support for wallet connect wallets (Unfortunately these require centralized server to function)
```
Should be consistent with the tense.

- Changed socials to point to dark.florist equivalents

> - Remove copyrights for Uniswap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed copyright notices for Uniswap
```

> - Remove blacklisted tokens and user addresses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed blacklisted tokens and user addresses
```

> - Replace the default RPC with Keydonix node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced the default RPC (Infura, which censors) with Keydonix (does not censor)
```

> - Remove Moonpay (a fiat payment processsor)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed Moonpay (a centralized fiat payment processsor)
```

> - Remove NFT related features (unfortunately these only function by using centralized services)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed NFT related features (unfortunately these only function by using centralized services)
```

> - Remove Subgraph (unfortunately this is also a centralized service)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed Subgraph (unfortunately this is also a centralized service)
```

> - Remove pages that require subgraph (mini portfolio, portfolio, NFTs, token pages, pool details, search bar etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed pages that require subgraph (mini portfolio, portfolio, NFTs, token pages, pool details, search bar etc)
```

> - Fiat currency selector has been removed (requires subgraph)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed fiat currency selector (requires subgraph)
```

> - Remove external routing, all routing is done using the default RPC or users wallet RPC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed external routing, all routing is done using the default RPC or users wallet RPC
```

> - Remove UniswapX (UniswapX depends on centralized servers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed UniswapX (UniswapX depends on centralized servers)
```

> - Settings have been moved on place of mini portfolio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Settings have been moved to where the mini portfolio used to be
```

> - Token pricing is retrieved via simulating a swap to USDC, and it is shown to users that this is in USDC (not in dollars)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed token pricing to be from a simulated swap with USDC, and it is shown to users that this is in USDC (not in dollars)
```

> - Remove claim UNI tokens popup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed claim UNI tokens popup
```

> - Add docker and deploy to IPFS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added docker building and deployment to IPFS
```
